txn: update the document about read-consistency read check ts variable (#7928)
pingcap/docs: transaction-isolation-levels.md

> **Note:**
>
> The Read Committed isolation level only takes effect in the [pessimistic transaction mode](/pessimistic-transaction.md). In the [optimistic transaction mode](/optimistic-transaction.md), setting the transaction isolation level to `Read Committed` does not take effect and transactions still use the Repeatable Read isolation level.

Starting from v6.0.0, TiDB supports using the [`tidb_rc_read_check_ts`](/system-variables.md#tidb_rc_read_check_ts-new-in-v600) system variable to optimize the timestamp acquisition in scenarios where read-write conflicts are rare. After enabling this variable, TiDB will try to use the previous valid timestamp to read data when `SELECT` is executed. The initial value of this variable is the `start_ts` of the transaction.

- If TiDB does not encounter any data update during the read process, it returns the result to the client and the `SELECT` statement is successfully executed.
- If TiDB encounters data update during the read process:
    - If TiDB has not yet sent the result to the client, TiDB tries to acquire a new timestamp and retry this statement.

>     - If TiDB has already sent some data to the client, TiDB reports an error to the client. The amount of data sent to the client is controlled by `tidb_init_chunk_size` and `tidb_max_chunk_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If TiDB has already sent partial data to the client, TiDB reports an error to the client. The amount of data sent to the client each time is controlled by `tidb_init_chunk_size` and `tidb_max_chunk_size`.
```
